Spread 5.0.0 http://www.spread.org

Spread Concepts LLC is happy to announce a new version, 5.0.0, of 
The Spread Toolkit.  It can be downloaded here:

http://www.spread.org/download/spread-src-5.0.0.tar.gz

Spread 5 is an important release that adds support for IPv6.

Spread version 5 adds support for IPv6 in the Spread daemon, C
language client library and several example and support programs
(e.g. - spmonitor, spuser, spsend, sprecv, spflooder).  This version
of Spread supports Posix environments (e.g. - Linux) and Windows.

Spread 5 can work on IPv4-only hosts, IPv6-only hosts or dual stack
hosts.  However, all daemons in a Spread deployment must run using
only IPv4 or IPv6 addresses.  Spread 5 does not yet support
configurations where some daemons use IPv4 addresses while others use
IPv6 addresses, even if transition mechanisms such as network address
translation (e.g. - stateless IP/ICMP translation) would allow such
hosts to communicate using those addresses.

Daemons' IP addresses can be configured explicitly or by using names
which will be looked up using standard system services (i.e. - DNS,
/etc/hosts, etc.) in order to map them back to IP addresses.  Clients
can similarly specify either explicit addresses or names to connect to
daemons.

For more details check the Readme.IPv6 and docs/sample.spread.conf files.

This release maintains the previous client API, so applications should
be able to be relinked or recompiled with the new Spread library
without changes.  However, if you used functionality from
libspread-util in your programs, then you will need to recompile as
some header constants have changed.

The Spread 5 daemon is not backwards compatible with previous
versions.  Spread 4 and Spread 5 daemons will refuse to communicate
with one another.

Several new syntaxes and features have been added to the configuration
file.  The configuration file is almost entirely backwards compatible.
Please check the docs/sample.spread.conf file for details.

=====================================================================

The Spread Toolkit provides a high performance messaging service that
is resilient to faults across local and wide area networks. Spread
functions as a unified message bus for distributed applications, and
provides highly tuned application-level multicast, group
communication, and point to point support. Spread services range from
reliable messaging to fully ordered messages with virtual synchrony
delivery guarantees, even in case of computer failures and network
partitions.

Please be aware, that under the Spread Open Source License, the
toolkit may be freely used only under some conditions. For example,
the license includes the requirement that all advertising materials
(including web pages) mentioning software that uses Spread display a
specific acknowledgment.  Please review the license agreement for more
details.  http://www.spread.org/license/

Other commercial licenses or other licensing arrangements are
available.  Please contact info@spreadconcepts.com.
